In a line plot, we plot the relationship between two quantitative variables,
one on each axis, using a line.
The Y value of the line at any given X value,
reports the average value taken by the y-axis variable.
This is like a histogram with a variable-average instead of a count on the y-axis,
and point positions instead of bar heights.
The use of lines emphasize two things over bars.
First, that we are more interested in relative change.
The need for a zero on the y-axis is not necessary when we create a line plot.
Secondly, the line emphasizes connections between values on the x-axis.
That means that it is inappropriate to use
a line plot if we have a nominal variable on the x-axis.
Frequently, you'll see bivariate plots against
a time-based variable plotted as a line plot.
You see this in economic data like stock or currency charts,
plotting the entities value across a period of time.
In these cases, there's usually only one measurement per time value.
So, the line isn't connecting averages,
just the raw values across time,
but the line still serves an important purpose over it and equivalent scatter plot.
It clearly shows the connection between consecutive values and changes over time.
This type of line chart showing values over time is known as a Time Series Plot.